ZPR4ME
PLANNED SERVICE AGREEMENT
Prime Comfort Solutions, herein referred to as Prime, and Mr. Timothy Fox, hereinafter referred to as Customer, hereby agrees that Prime will service the air conditioning equipment at the following location: 8476 SE Mangrove Street Hobe Sound FL 33458.
                                 TYPE OF SERVICE Planned Service Agreement
Planned Service on equipment with preferred rates on service repairs.
CONDITIONS
Routine Service consists of (4) regularly scheduled inspections with all labor necessary to perform the inspections.
 Inspections consist of the following: Inspect coils and/or clean as needed (in place). Clean and/or replace standard air filters. Clean and treat condensate drain pans & lines. Lubricate motors per OEM specifications. Measure temperature difference through coil. Check all electrical connections and readings. Check all electrical controls for proper operation. Check heating for seasonal operation.
 Normal business hours are 8:00 a.m. — 8:00 p.m. Monday through Saturday. (Holidays excluded)
The equipment covered under this agreement must be in a condition satisfactory to Prime. Pre-existing equipment deficiencies will be noted during the first inspection. Customer may either authorize Prime to correct any deficiencies noted at the quoted prices or cancel this agreement.
Equipment List
7- Central air conditioning systems & 1- Mini split system
The cost of this agreement is $2.100.00 per year, payable at time of acceptance.
The effective date of this agreement is 2/01/2026- 1/31/2027. This agreement will renew automatically annually and may be terminated by either party with 30 days written notice.
   The air conditioning system or systems that are covered are intended to provide a comfortable living environment for your home or business. While it is the intent of our service agreement to curtail trouble calls, it is possible that component failures or other system problems related to condensate or refrigerant leaks may occur. As these circumstances are mechanical in nature and beyond our immediate, direct control, Prime will accept no responsibility for any property and or consequential damages resulting from any failures of this nature. Environmental issues, such as mold and mildew, excessive dust or inconsistencies in human comfort are also specifically excluded from the scope of your service agreement.


Prime Authorized RepresentativeCustomer Authorized SignatureDate	2/17/26Date                                                      Prime Comfort Solutions #CAC1823441 6670 White Drive, Suite B, West Palm Beach, Florida 33407. 561-217-4822 www.primecomfortac.com
